---
type: update
title: DRUMS in The YARG New Engine (v0.12) Alpha
banner: generic.webp

authors:
  - EliteAsian123

release: "2023-09-18T20:56:34.469Z"
---

The new engine alpha now has **DRUMS!** Here's the full changelog:

We have just released a new patch (a4) for the v0.12 alpha! It is available to download in the **YARC Launcher**.

Changelog:

* **DRUMS!**
  * Alpha, probably still some bugs.
  * Most, if not all features reimplemented.
  * 100% accurate replays for drums!
* **Score screen!**
  * Awesome new design by Kadu.
  * Shows some more useful information.
  * (There is no score saving yet)
* **New difficulty screen!**
  * Awesome new design, also by Kadu.
  * Allows for modifier selection (we'll get to that).
  * The back button now brings you to the previous player instead of the song library
* **MODIFIERS!** There are four of them right now:
  * All Strums
  * All Taps
  * All HOPOs
  * HOPOs to Taps
* **Brand new settings menu**
  * **Brand new preset system!**
    * **Allows you to create, rename, duplicate, and export camera presets!**
    * This can be used for highway texture and color profile in the future
    * Create these in the settings menu, and apply them in the profile menu
  * **WIP controller navigation!**
  * Added descriptions to all settings
  * Made song manager into a tab
* **Customizable highway length.** Can be up to 4 times longer now!
* Show song progress in score box again, along with a setting for it
* Added a setting for a timer above the score box
* Added back video, image and, yarground background support
* Starpower bar flashing
* Anti-piracy message
* Made "Disable Text Notifications" work again
* Added back `currentSong.txt` and `currentSong.json`
* Mid-song replay saving
* Calibrator now works again
* Different pause menu for replays.
* Fix a number of timing issue in both Quickplay and Practice.
* Tons of bug fixes and small tweaks!

**HUGE** thanks to Kadu, Riley the Fox, TheNathannator, sonicfind, and some others for all of their amazing contributions to the new engine. All of your help is much appericated.

Stay tuned for new patches! Keep YARGin'.