---
type: announcement
title: "RedOctane Games and The Future of YARG"
banner: generic.webp

authors:
  - EliteAsian123

video: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMpdAXrO3tk"

release: "2025-08-07T02:55:34.274Z"
---

# RedOctane Games

Firstly, we’d all like to sincerely apologize for our inactivity and lack of communication regarding YARG for the last 6 months or so, but we promise it’s all been for a good reason.

We’re extremely excited to announce multiple members of our core team (along with other community members you may know) have been working on a brand new project from the [ground up under the newly formed RedOctane Games](https://www.redoctane.games/https/redoctanegamessquarespacecom/news/press-release)!

This project is a huge opportunity, not only for us, but also the community as a whole, and we can’t wait to share more with you when the time is right. Stay tuned for more details, but in the meantime we’d like to answer questions you might have on where YARG goes from here.

# The Future of YARG

Because of this new project, our core team will unfortunately not be around to work on new updates and features. We, of course, still love YARG and the community around it. We’ll still be around to chat and answer questions when we have time, but for now we’ve entrusted the ownership of YARG to grishhung and Hubbubble. YARG will always be an open-source and community-driven effort, and grishhung and Hubbubble will be actively looking for new contributors, maintainers, and artists. If you’re interested in any of these roles, please feel free to reach out to them on our Discord server!

We’ve taken some much-needed time to finish up v0.13 in its current feature set, and bring in outstanding pull requests before we go hands off on development. v0.13 will be fully released onto the stable build of the game within the next week or two.

# Thank You!

This opportunity would not have been possible without the investment the community has poured into YARG. We cannot thank you enough for all of your support since our early days, whether you’re a player or a contributor!

Feel free to ask questions, and we’ll answer what we can in an FAQ which we’ll be releasing within the next few weeks.

We are very excited for what the future holds for both RedOctane Games and YARG!

Per Fidem Ad Ludos Rhythmicos.
(Through Faith to Rhythm Games)

Signed,
Elite, Kadu, Nathan, Riley, Sonicfind
