---
type: update
title: YARG v0.14.0 available now!
banner: generic.webp

authors:
  - wyrdough
---

# Major Update (v0.14)

Thank you all for your patience throughout the past couple of months! Without further ado, we're proud to present **YARG v0.14**!

v0.14 adds in many highly-requested features, QoL improvements, and improvements to both YARG's visuals and performance. From better control methods on drums and keys, to animations and camera controls in venues, v0.14 improves the playing experience for those new to the game, and has many fun new features for the more experienced.

## Changelog

- **Venue Camera + Animations**
  - Venues can now have in-built camera animations, as well as reactive animations based on the chart.
  - There are venues on the YARC Launcher you can download to play with these features! The YARG Setlist has been updated to include animations for all songs.
- **Improved controls for 5-Lane Keys and MIDI Drums**
  - There is now a proper 5-Lane Keys engine, meaning those on keyboard don't need to select All Taps when playing
  - MIDI Drumkit now has a separate instrument type in Profiles to allow 4-Lane, Pro, and 5-Lane drums charts to be selected.
- **Failing / Rock Meter**
  - No Fail is enabled by default, you can disable it in Settings.
- **Custom highway textures!**
  - That's right, one of our most requested features is finally here. You can make presets in `Settings -> Presets -> Highway Presets`
- **New sustain effects**
  - sustain visuals, and whammy pitch effects
- **Localization support!**
  - Localizations themselves are still WIP, you can help out in #localization
- Lots of performance improvements
- And so much more...

As this is the first major release with the current team, we'd like to thank 
you for sticking with us and acknowledge the strong foundation built by 
EliteAsian, Kadu, RileyTheFox, TheNathannator, and Sonicfind and left in 
our care. Without them none of this would be possible. We truly do stand on the shoulders of giants.

Happy YARGin' and stay tuned, there's much more to come!